@import uk.gov.hmrc.hmrcemailrenderer.templates.onlinepaymentservice.DateFormatter
@(params: Map[String, Any])

Change of VAT Direct Debit details

Dear @params("NAME")

We need to give you some information after your transfer to Making Tax Digital for VAT. This transfer may have been requested by you or by someone who deals with HMRC for you.

There is no need to take any action.

You currently pay by Direct Debit. From @DateFormatter.formatDate(params("TRANSFERDATE").toString) we will transfer your Direct Debit to a new reference @params("DDIREFERENCE").

The service username will change from HMRC e VAT to HMRC E VAT DDS. Your new service user number will be @params("NEWSUN").

Your bank statement may show a final payment under your old reference and a first payment under the new reference.

We have also updated our Direct Debit terms and conditions, please read them below.

You will continue to enjoy the full benefits of the Direct Debit guarantee as detailed below, if you have a question call @params("PHONENUMBER").

You currently pay your VAT Return by Direct Debit. From @DateFormatter.formatDate(params("TRANSFERDATE").toString) we will transfer your Direct Debit over.

From HMRC Direct Debits


The Direct Debit Guarantee

- This guarantee is offered by all banks and building societies that accept instructions to pay Direct Debits.
- If there are any changes to the amount, date or frequency of your Direct Debit we will notify you 2 working days in advance of your account being debited or as otherwise agreed. If you request HMRC E VAT DDS to collect a payment, confirmation of the amount and date will be given to you at the time of the request.
- If an error is made in the payment of your Direct Debit by HMRC E VAT DDS or your bank or building society, you are entitled to a full and immediate refund of the amount paid from your bank or building society
— If you receive a refund you are not entitled to, you must pay it back when HMRC E VAT DDS asks you to.
- You can cancel a Direct Debit at any time by simply contacting your bank or building society. Written confirmation may be required. Please also notify us.

Terms and conditions for VAT Direct Debit

1.You must provide a valid email address to use this service. We will send you important notifications about your Direct Debit to this address. The full messages will be available in your online tax account.
2.You must make sure that your bank or building society will accept Direct Debit Instruction for the account you want to use. Direct Debit collections can only be made once the Direct Debit Instruction is accepted.
3.When submitting a new Direct Debit Instruction, you must be authorised to sign for the account as either the sole signatory or authorised to sign on behalf of all the other signatories.
If more than one signature is required to authorise the Direct Debit on this account, you will need to complete a paper version of the mandate form.
4.The account for your Direct Debit must be a bank account registered in the UK and in British pounds.
5.You must make sure you have enough money in your account to pay the tax due on collection day.
6.The Direct Debit will only take the amount we tell you about in advance. You must arrange to pay other VAT liabilities like surcharges, penalties or interest by other payment methods.
7.If you miss the due date for your VAT payment, or complete your VAT Return late, you could be liable to a financial penalty. If you know that the Direct Debit collection will fail, you must pay by the due date using another method.
8.You can cancel or change your Direct Debit Instruction using our online service up to 5 working days before your VAT payment is due.
9.Your bank may cancel your Direct Debit Instruction if it has not been used for 13 months from the date of setting it up, or from the date of the last payment. This is covered by the Direct Debit dormancy period rule.
