@(params: Map[String, Any])

You submitted a registration for duty on biofuels and other fuel substitutes (EX103/103A BFS)

HMRC received your registration for duty on biofuels and other fuel substitutes

Dear @params.get("customerName")

HMRC has received your application to register a business for duty on biofuels and other fuel substitutes.

What you need to do next

To complete your registration you will need to do the following.

If the business is a limited company

You must complete form ‘Excise entry: incorporated company EX103A’ for each of your premises to provide us with further registration details. You’ll need to go to GOV.UK and search for the EX103A form.

If the business is a sole trader

You must complete form ‘Excise entry: private trader EX103’ for each of your premises to provide us with further registration details. You’ll need to go to GOV.UK and search for the EX103 form.

If the business is a limited liability partnership (LLP)

You must complete form ‘Excise entry: incorporated company EX103A’ for each of your premises to provide us with further registration details. You’ll need to go to GOV.UK and search for the EX103A form.

You’ll also need to email enquiries.eeitts&#64;hmrc.gov.uk to tell us that your business is a limited liability partnership (LLP), so that we can ask you for more details about this.

If the business is a partnership

You must complete form ‘Excise entry: private trader EX103’ for each of your premises to provide us with further registration details. You’ll need to go to GOV.UK and search for the EX103 form.

You’ll also need to email enquiries.eeitts&#64;hmrc.gov.uk to tell us that your business is a partnership, so that we can ask you for more details about this.

If you want to apply for a deferment of duty payments

You’ll need to check ‘Excise Notice 179e: biofuels and other fuel substitutes’ for details of how to apply for deferment. You’ll need to go to GOV.UK and search for ‘Excise Notice 179e: biofuels and other fuel substitutes’.

From HMRC Excise team

@{uk.gov.hmrc.hmrcemailrenderer.templates.helpers.txt.template_footer()}