@(params: Map[String, Any])

Hello @{params("name")}

A test version of the employment status service is ready for you to try. 

This email includes all the information you'll need to use the service and give us your feedback.

What the service is for

This is a new tool that can help people find out a worker’s employment status for tax purposes.

Please note: this test version will only give a result about whether the engagement is inside or outside of the intermediaries legislation (known as IR35).

It could be used by:
-a worker providing a service
-a person or company hiring a worker
-an agency that is paying a worker

The decisions given by this version of the service are still being tested and verified.

This means that HMRC will not stand by outcomes given at this stage and you should carry on using existing methods for checking contracts.

We'll be adding more features to the next version of the service.

How to start testing

This link will take you straight to the test version of the service:

@{params("verificationLink")}

Please don't share this link with other people.

We'll be monitoring how the service is used by invitees and may need to restrict access.

How to give us your feedback

If you want to comment on any question please click the feedback link above to it. This will open a form for you to tell us what you think.

The more feedback you give us, the better we can make the next version of this service.

How long testing lasts

You can try this service up to 60 times during the next 30 days.

After that we'll make and test a second version of the service based on the feedback we get.

Why you got this email

This email is being sent to people who've been involved in our research so far, or who've volunteered to help us test this service.

Thank you for your help and feedback,

Rhys Hobbs
Digital Service Manager
Personal Tax Customer Product and Process


If you’re unsure an email is from HMRC:
do not reply to it or click any links
forward it to phishing@@hmrc.gsi.gov.uk