@(params: Map[String, Any])Fraud prevention headers status report

Dear @params("developerName"),

Our API call logs show that between @params("fromDate") and @params("toDate") fraud prevention headers were submitted from application @params("applicationName") (id: @params("applicationId")) to our VAT Making Tax Digital (MTD) APIs.

Our checks show that some or all requests during this period had an invalid or missing value for the Gov-Client-Connection-Method header. Other headers may or may not have been sent.

You have not provided the Gov-Client-Connection-Method header correctly and therefore you are not submitting valid fraud prevention headers.

The current situation

We understand this is a difficult time due to Coronavirus (COVID-19) but we still need to help protect your user's data. If you have developer capacity, it's important to improve the fraud prevention headers you send.

We'll continue to monitor API call logs and give you feedback every month to help you do this. We'd like to reassure you that we'll continue to accept VAT MTD calls, including headers that are incorrect or missing.

What you need to do

Read the fraud prevention specification so that you can make sure that your application submits the correct fraud prevention headers.

Use the Test Fraud Prevention Headers API (found in the list of VAT (MTD) APIs on the API documentation page) to check that the fraud prevention headers submitted by your application meet the requirements of HMRC's fraud prevention specification.

If the Test Fraud Prevention Headers API shows that your application is submitting the correct headers, please check that your end user is using the latest version of your application.

When you provide a correct Gov-Client-Connection-Method, we will validate your fraud prevention headers and send you a full header status report.

Supplying header information for our VAT (MTD) APIs is required by law.

If you are unable to collect a header value due to restrictions explained in the fraud prevention header specification, and if you are omitting the header or leaving a value blank, you need to contact us.

Contacting us

Due to the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, we're having to focus our resources on essential activities. We may not be able to help you with header queries as quickly as we usually do.

If you need to contact us, email SDSTeam@@hmrc.gov.uk

Why you have received this email

This email address is registered as the point of contact for the application @{params("applicationName")}.

If you are not the right person to receive this email, please forward it to the relevant person in your organisation.

From,

HMRC Transaction Monitoring Team

@{uk.gov.hmrc.hmrcemailrenderer.templates.helpers.txt.template_footer()}