@(params: Map[String, Any])How we will send you online tax letters

@{uk.gov.hmrc.hmrcemailrenderer.templates.helpers.txt.salutation(params)}

Now you have signed up to online tax letters, we wanted to tell you more.


How it works

We will send your Self Assessment tax letters online, and whenever you have a new letter, we will email to let you know.

You will find all these letters saved together in one place, and you can read them on any device, then download and share them. You can also print them at any time, so you have a paper copy if you ever need one.

To read your tax letters:

1. Sign in to HMRC services.
2. Select ‘Messages’.
3. Select the Self Assessment messages inbox.

This service is still growing, so at the moment we only send some tax letters online. Over time, we will be able to send most tax letters by message and email, though some will always need to come by post.


What you have opted in to

We will send you Self Assessment tax letters and emails like these:

* Self Assessment notice to file (SA316)
* Self Assessment penalty notice (SA370)
* Email notifications to let you know you have a message waiting

If you use the same Government Gateway user ID for your personal tax account, and you get letters about your PAYE personal tax code, we will also contact you online. For example:

* Notice of coding (P2) by email

If you have a different Government Gateway user ID which you use for a personal tax code, you need to use these details to opt in if you want to get your P2 online.


Our promises

If an email notification ever bounces (we send an email, but it does not reach you and is returned to us), we’ll let you know by post, and send a paper copy of the letter. This means you will never miss a tax letter.

We will never send private or sensitive information by email.

You can change the email address you use to get tax letters, and you can also choose to leave this service at any time and go back to getting all tax letters by post. Just go to check your settings.


HMRC digital team